Document the new 9.1 OpenTelemetry meters (#6719)
Particular/docs.particular.net: monitoring/metrics/definitions.md

NServiceBus and ServiceControl capture a number of different metrics about a running endpoint including the processing time, the number of messages in each queue (differentiating between those pulled from the queue, those processed successfully, and those which failed processing), as well as "critical time".

### Processing time

Processing time is the time it takes for an endpoint to **successfully** process an incoming message. It includes:

> - Invoking all handlers and sagas for a single incoming message
> - Invoking the incoming message processing pipeline, which includes steps like deserialization or user defined pipeline behaviors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The execution of all handlers and sagas for the incoming message
- The execution of the incoming message processing pipeline, which includes deserialization and where applicable, user-defined pipeline behaviors or saga-loading time.
```
